OCPBUGS#25450: Updated images to external load balancer install module (#69453)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-osp-configuring-external-load-balancer.adoc

Red Hat supports the following services for an external load balancer:

* Ingress Controller
* OpenShift API
* OpenShift MachineConfig API

> You can choose to configure one or all of these services for an external load balancer. Configuring only the Ingress Controller service is a common configuration option. To better understand each service, view the following diagrams:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can choose whether you want to configure one or all of these services for an external load balancer. Configuring only the Ingress Controller service is a common configuration option. To better understand the individual services, view the following diagrams:
```
